workers: fix Turso tutorial (#8338)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/tutorials/connect-to-turso-using-workers/index.md

# Will output a long text string (an encoded JSON Web Token)
```

> In order to keep this token secret:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep this token secret:
```

> * You will create a `.dev.vars` file for local development. Don't commit this file to source control: you should add it to your `.gitignore` file if you are using Git.
> * You will also [create a Secret](/workers/platform/environment-variables/#add-secrets-to-your-project) to keep your authentication token confidential:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You will create a `.dev.vars` file for local development. Do not commit this file to source control. You should add `.dev.vars to your `.gitignore` file if you are using Git.
* You will also [create a Secret](/workers/platform/environment-variables/#add-secrets-to-your-project) to keep your authentication token confidential.
```

Since this is describing chronological action steps, changed to numbered list. Also changing 'it' to a proper noun.

> Create a new file called `.dev.vars` with the following structure, and paste in the authentication token (keep the quotes):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create a new file called `.dev.vars` with the following structure. Paste your authentication token in the quotation marks:
```

```
---
filename: .dev.vars
---

> LIBSQL_DB_AUTH_TOKEN="<paste your token here>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LIBSQL_DB_AUTH_TOKEN="<YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN>"
```

```

> Save your changes to `.dev.vars`. Next, we'll store the authentication token as a secret for our production Worker to reference. Run the following `wrangler secret` command to create a Secret with your token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save your changes to `.dev.vars`. Next, store the authentication token as a secret for your production Worker to reference. Run the following `wrangler secret` command to create a Secret with your token:
```

```sh

> # Ensure you specify the secret name exactly: your Worker will need to reference it later.

Reviewer 2: One of the things about `wrangler secret put` is that you’re required to be logged in *and* attached to an existing worker project in order for it to work.  Can we defer that instruction to happen until after deployment with `wrangler publish`?

Reviewer 2: So the rationale was to do the bare minimum at each stage in order to see something work ASAP.  I've used the acronym TTHW (Time To Hello World) to give this a meaningful metric to optimize.  TTHW here necessarily involves a Turso CLI auth (in order to create and populate the database), but does not necessarily involve a CF auth + project creation, because everything can run locally in wrangler before any login to CF is required.

If we wanted to force the developer to use secrets instead of something like .dev.vars, that would require them to also first log in to CF and create a worker project before the secret could ever be added (unless I'm mistaken here).  As a result, the amount of work to do for TTHW goes significantly higher.

As usual, there is a tradeoff between security and convenience, and it feels like that's what we're struggling with here.  My bias for beginner tutorials is to pave the easiest path first, minimizing TTHW, then explain later what the security problem is and how to fix it later.
